Small tidy-ups on runtime docs (#769)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/docs/03-runtime/b-macros/index.mdx

**What it does**

The macro declares three struct types, `Public`, `Signature`, and `Pair`. Aside from having various

> helper traits implemented for these three types, `Public` type is implemented for generating
> keypairs, signing and verifying signature, `Signature` type to hold the signature property given the
> signature chosen to be used (e.g. SR25519, ED25519 etc), and `Pair` type to generate a
> public-private key pair from a seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helper traits implemented for these three types, the `Public` type is implemented for generating
keypairs, signing and verifying signatures; the `Signature` type is to hold the signature property given the chosen signature (e.g. SR25519, ED25519 etc); and the `Pair` type is to generate a
public-private key pair from a seed.
```
